What if we want to know whether there are more apples than any other fruits in the list?
In that case, our sentence in English would be something like,
if there are more apples than oranges in the order,
AND there are more apples than pairs in the order, print 'Apples Rule!'
AND is another logical function in Excel,
which is only true if all of its conditions are true.
Notice that AND like IF is a function not an operator.
It has to be entered with its keyword AND followed by
parentheses with its parameters which are conditional statements.
To use the AND function in an IF statement,
we will have to nest it inside the IF function.
The entire AND function is now the conditional part of the IF function.
Recapping. The result from the AND function is
true if all its conditions are true, and false otherwise.
The OR function works much the same way except that it
evaluates as true if any of its parameters are true.
And one more for you,
the NOT function simply reverses the logic.
It changes true to false and false to true.
That may seem complicated,
but you'll get better at it with practice.
Speaking of which, it's your turn to try some combinations.